Change substring() to use `startIndex, endIndex` instead of `startIndex, length` (#85)
Bit-Quill/tinkerpop: docs/src/upgrade/release-3.7.x.asciidoc

Type ':help' or ':h' for help.
----

The `substring()`-step will return a substring with indices specified by the start and end indices, or from

> the start index to the remainder of the string if an end index is not specified. Negative indices are allowed and will
> begin at the specified index counted from the end of the string:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the start index to the remainder of the string if an end index is not specified. Negative indices are allowed and will
count from the end of the string:
```
Suggest removing "begin" as that specifically refers to the start index

Author: Committed suggestion
